hey everybody and welcome to this
episode of learning from the pros
joining me today is Eden badani who is
the head of strategy and copy at Cape
agency welcome
Eden hi silia thank you so much for
having me here today it's great uh it's
great to you know connect outside of
LinkedIn yeah we've been connected for a
while now in LinkedIn and like like uh
friends from afar so it's cool to
finally come together and and join on
this uh this episode so Eden today is
going to be sharing her top 10 tips on
copywriting for better ad performance so
increase conversion rates enter dream
metric how can you write more effective
copy that that breaks through the noise
and uh and gets people to take the
action that you want Eden why don't you
just kick us off with a little bit about
your background and uh your experience
with
copy yeah absolutely so um you know I'm
a conversion copywriter and a messaging
strategist and I've been working I've
been in this for over eight years now
many more years than that with with
direct sales and marketing type things
um so this is but firmly in the trenches
now of copyrighting I think Mo vast
majority of the companies that get to
work with our our B2B companies so SASS
and tech companies a lot of them um and
they all have a lot of trouble with
their ads and it's and I and I
definitely understand it because it's
it's very hard when you're writing you
you know you have such a sophisticated
product you have a sophisticated
audience but you need to get the value
of what you do across in such a clear
simple fast exciting way um it can be
really really hard to do especially when
you're so close to the product itself
and we forget that there's someone
that's it's not just your boss that has
to read the ad it's actually someone
else on the other side that has to that
has to see it love it and then click on
it to actually convert so it's um it's a
it's a tricky process but there are some
but there are definitely some things
that you can be done to help ease it and
make that make that a lot simpler yeah I
I think I think the one thing just
foreshadowing here that people are going
to walk away from this episode is
intention and and how the the intention
that goes behind what you say and how
you say it and and the Nuance of the end
user so I'm super pumped to get in uh I
personally want to take a bunch of notes
so let's dive into it with tip number
one okay great so I think the the number
one thing that I like to tell people is
don't forget you are not actually
selling your product you're selling the
click that is the first thing you cannot
it's this is not especially when you're
in VB again you're not trying you don't
have to force everything into the ad
they don't see your ad in isolation you
know you want to help build up enough a
perception that when people see the ad
they get excited about it they get
motivated to take that click to learn
more it's even if you know you have a
free even if you have a free trial even
if your CTA is really easy even if the
buying process is really easy still
there's going to be a lot of there's a
lot of friction people want to click
then they want to get to somewhere else
they want to learn more or they want to
end up converting but before you can
actually get them to that point you have
to get them to click on the ad to to
take that next step you know we want if
we want them to be that confident we
have to always remember first of all
that first step that first hodal is
getting them to click on on the CTA on
the ad to go through first so I see so
many ads that are trying to push the
product so hard and then they try to do
it in the first 150 characters only and
it's like don't have enough room to
convert someone in 150 characters and a
nice looking creative it's simply not
you know and your average contract value
is $50,000 to $100,000 a year it's like
it's not it's it's wishful thinking it's
wishful thinking right or it's an
e-commerce product okay even if it
unless it's a really really really like
a no-brain it's a $3 it's a $5 it's a$1
$15 purchase you know but still it's
it's the same
idea you really have to make sure that
we get through that first hle it's like
give them something to motivate them to
make that click so whether it's the
active language you use whether it's the
type of CTA that you change up that make
sure that you're giving them something
that's going to excite them Empower them
through to that next step because you
can go into so much more depth on the
learning page the product page whatever
you've got after it but if you don't get
them to click they're never going to see
that yeah 100% I I almost wish everyone
has has the experience of promoting
something on the BDC side like for for
example for me I I wrote a book on
Google ads in 2020 and I was selling it
and it was a $5 book and I was running
ads and like experimenting it's freaking
hard to get people to to pull out their
credit card and and pay for something on
an ad it's a lot of work so I can only
imagine for a $5 product which was
already difficult a $50,000 product it's
yeah it's it's wishful thinking for sure
yeah absolutely even if there's a free
trial even if there's like it doesn't
matter there's a certain people have to
be motivated to a certain extent to want
to even sign up for that free Tri or
even book a demo so what are you doing
to help motivate them to do that what is
your CTA saying it's like eat our white
paper or it's like you know let's here's
something actionable that you can learn
or that you can take away from doing
this Eden I'm gonna play devil's
advocate here what about the people
listening and and they're hearing you
say you got to sell the click you're not
here to sell your product on an ad you
only have 50 characters like yeah that
all makes sense but where their brain
goes is well then that means it's only
going to be clickbait right I'm I'm just
going to be doing click baity things to
sell the click and get somebody to
click so that doesn't it doesn't me that
it's clickbait so I think the this
relates to one of the other tips that I
was going to that I was going to say
it's
um um the tip number two that I was
going to say is to actually take
something out out of your ad instead of
taking something in so like I say we
often try
to fill up the ad with because we have
so much writing on this ad we want to
put so pump it so full of information
pump the creative through so many so
full of so many words and make the logo
bigger and let's do you know let's make
sure it says we have to put this line in
because um because the CEO said we have
to put this line in the ad but um it's
not about it's not about clickbait and
clickbait is absolutely the wrong
approach because people will then just
bounce on the landing page um it's
related to another I'll get you one of
the points that have here but relating
to that the second point is like to take
something out of the ad instead of
something in so we're often trying to
say way too many things focus on getting
one really memorable takeaway across
like for example you're selling the
software that you're selling it's fast
and it saves you money great okay there
are two points of value but for that I'd
write three sets of ads I'd write three
ad Vari i' write one talking about it
being fast I talk one about it saving
money and I talk one that hits at both
and see which one seems to perform
better like there's a you know the
number the the more messages we try to
cram into an ad the less likely they're
going to take away the one thing that
they really should know really should
that's important so the next time then
even if they don't convert the next time
they come across you they go oh I
remember those guys are fast oh those
guys can save me money the likelihood
that they're going to remember one of
those two things is much much much
greater than trying to say it's CL and
saves you money
and like yeah you know we could go
that's why we don't try to we need to
focus on getting the through to click
one memorable thing to take away and
that's also going to encourage them to
click I love that and yeah that's so
gold um if you guys haven't got any
nuggets yet are you even
listening uh just to to echo on that
point
because I can I can already hear them uh
well what if I have one messaging angle
that's working really really well it's
the fast one and it beats all the other
ones so am I only going to ever talk
about fast now and my experience is
dovetail on that it's like one it takes
way much it takes way more frequency
than you realize to have the message
truly penetrate the market and you can
repurpose the message in so many
different ways so many different ad
formats from carousels to text to image
to video and you can say the same thing
in a different way I can say it as like
a you know like a direct statement and
then I can weave it into a story like
you can get creative on how you leverage
that angle to just take it to the market
in different perspectives absolutely
just like you said you can say the
fastest thing like the fastest again the
fastest whatever the fastest CRM you'll
ever see or you know the fast what of
demo software you'll ever see and then
you could tell a story about like a
customer customer testimonial wow when
we showed it it was so fast to do this
like I could not believe it you know
case study this there are so many things
you can do to emphasize it doesn't mean
that you can't talk about those points
and you even should talk about then
those additional points on the landing
page or the product page Solutions page
wherever it's going afterwards because
then they come through and add through
one thing and then they click through
and they go wow this is re it's not just
fast but it does also these these
incredible things too that are also
really important to me or important to
other people in the company um this is
great like this is it's making it even
more of a no-brainer so instead of
trying to tell them up front like stand
there with a megaphone trying to tell
them it's a b c d e you know getting
through all of these points start with
one get them to click and then you can
unpack all that value on the page and
then they'll be like wow this sounds
really cool like instead of instead of
losing instead of losing focus before
they even click through I love it tip
number three
okay um so tip number three would have
to be um would write first and edit
later there are so many times where we
go we try really hard to write an ad and
it's really it's really hard when you
sit down and you try to write an
ad get all the thoughts out that you
want to say get all the concepts the
ideas the angles get it all out in the
doc and then start editing let it sit
for a couple of hours and then go back
and look at it with fresh eyes you will
be immediately able to see okay well
that's one idea that can be an adset
this is another idea can be another
adset this is another idea if you try to
just sit down and just write the thing
from beginning it's going to come out
messy and you'll spend forever tweaking
it because it's going to be so hard to
to try and find to try and get it right
write like we say a stupid first draft
like right right a really really bad
first draft know that it's going to be
bad this is the prewriting get it out of
your system when you get those ideas
then it's going to be very easy to sit
back and look okay now I see where how
those things can fit together that would
make a great headline but that would be
good for body copy instead of trying to
there are so many times like when I
write ads I'll write and the first line
of the body copy actually ends up being
the headline instead because the hook
was better in the body copy than it was
in the headline but if I tried to sit
down and write a headline first and then
the body copy like it's it's it's a very
very different experience it comes out
very different even if you're using chat
gbt to help you write this it's the same
thing get it to spit a bunch of stuff
out for
you leave it copy that across to a
Google doc let it sit let it sit and
then come and look at it with fresh eyes
because if you jump in right away and
start to try and pull it
apart it can get really difficult one of
the things with chat gbt and and some
similar tools like it's really good it
looks good it really like it looks good
it looks like okay it's words and it and
it makes sense when your eyes skim over
it but if you're actually settled down
to reading it and if you try even
reading it out loud to yourself you'll
see that it's like wait it's saying
bullet point one and bullet point 3 are
the same idea but just Express different
ways so that's great so you can use
those as two separate ads but don't put
those three same bullet points in an ad
because your prospect's going to go
you're just repeating the same thing in
a different way prospects are not you
know prospects are not stupid they're
going to get it so even if you got chat
GPT or something else helping you doing
that writing make sure you let it sit a
little bit come back to it and then stop
picking it apart because only then
you'll be able to get to get to a place
where where it's really good so much to
impact on on tip three uh one one thing
that comes to mind around chaty BT and
one of the faults of it I I find
personally is it doesn't take
comprehension into account so typically
when it spits out whatever it spits out
it's it's such
a higher comprehension level and like
typically you want to write as plainly
as possible so that's one of the
downsides of chat GPT or you have to
like really massage the message to be
able to get it down to a lower
comprehension level and I find people
often forget that they're like you know
I'm selling a technical product to a
technical buyer and it's like yes you
can incorporate jargon but at the end of
the day too like you can't forget that
when your prospect is scrolling through
insert platform LinkedIn Facebook meta
you know uh Tik Tok whatever it is they
are not at their highest level of
Consciousness you know I just from my
own personal experience you know I'm
scrolling I'm not 100% attentative I'm
not 100% dialed in so the more
complicated the message the the higher
the comprehension level the less likely
I am to just catch on and get the point
that you're trying to speak to and then
you know duing into your second point is
when you're writing this copy and you're
not allowing yourself time to just
basically unplug with and get those
fresh eyes like you said and write that
that uh I love how you said it was the
uh stupid first draft um and you come
back to with those fresh
eyes often times a lot of like that that
revisiting of the copy in my experience
is is going back to your second point
which is like what can we take out like
how can we simplify this hook how can we
simplify this bullet point how can we
restructure this thing and just say more
with less you know um so it's such a key
piece because most people listening to
this maybe you're guilty of this this is
not to point shade or blame or anything
I mean I've been there myself uh I'm
sure Eden you've been there as well it's
like the the lessons relearned over time
that you know there's like easy to do
easy not to do and it goes back to that
intentionality like most people writing
copy they're spending five minutes 10
minutes like you know what I mean
they're just like oh I got to get this
thing out there let me just write
something really quick and hit
publish it's it's and it's it's really
crazy that you're saying that as well
and it's a great point that you bring up
because people tend to over index on the
creative but the copy is part part of
that creative the copy supports the
creative you don't view one in isolation
it's not like they just see the creative
go okay I'm going to click no they'll
read the headline they'll read the CTA
they will go up and read the body copy
and I think that that relates to point
number we at four
now yeah we're on four okay that that's
actually the point number four that I
had which is remember how people
actually interact with ads each element
is a part of the puzzle so people will
stop the scroll because of the creative
but they won't go up and they'll read
the body copy they'll look at the
creative they'll look at the headline
they'll go up to read the body copy and
then they'll look back down at the
headline again before deciding to
convert so our eyes are going all over
the place so and that's why a lot of
people get stuck like I said I'll write
a really great I'll write great body
copy and then the first line of the body
copy is what I'll end up using for the
ad because for the headline sorry
because they look at the Creator they
look at the headline and then they look
at the body copy the headline leads into
the body copy even though one like in
Facebook and Linkedin one's positioned
over the other the way that people
actually stop and interact with the ads
that user experience so has an impact on
how we should actually write the copy so
many times that headline is totally
disjointed from what the body copy is
saying or the headline just a repeat of
what's in the body copy but look at the
creative the creative obviously is just
starting point is what makes people stop
we all know that but what you say in the
creative should then lead to natural
progression the headline should support
the creative and then the body copy
should support their headline and
because their eyes are just going to go
up and down and all around before they
decide to
convert one tactical impromptu question
on that in terms of your experience
testing different ads have you found any
one area within the ad had more of an
impact versus other in terms of
testing usually the headline usually the
headline is usually what U because
people also read it more than once first
of all it has to hook it hooks them into
usually again they look at the Creator
they look at the headline even Tik Tok
ads it's like add in headline that's
that's all you've got yeah right um it's
uh it's really that the headline is is
so so so much important
but again the headline needs to support
the creative so you need to write it's
it's really difficult you can't write
these things in isolation like so you
shouldn't have a copywriter and a
designer working in different sides
completely you need to have them working
together it's best if the copyrighter
and designer sit down together and say
okay what's let's brainstorm some ideas
of how we can take this forward and they
should work together they should work
together on that or get the copywriter
to come up with some general ideas of
Concepts suggest what they imagine the
creative would be the creative thing you
know designer can go and work their
magic spinning up some variations of
that while you write the copy to match
but again it doesn't people don't see
that creative in isolation they don't do
the headline isolation each of those
pieces has to fit together in part of
the puzzle so again and so many just so
many times it's like the headline the
headline is a repeat of what's in the
creative and people then don't even read
the body copy like it's a repeat it's
like I didn't learn like nothing
nothing's grabbing me nothing look okay
so just keep scrolling so they might
have paused for a second get a little
bit of Engagement but it's like it's
nothing or someone will listen to what
we're saying right now and they'll be
like oh Eden said the headline is the
most impactful thing for testing so I'm
just going to focus on the headline and
then they completely miss that the
creative need to fit with the headline
and and so on and so forth and it's it's
the I forget who said it it's like copy
is not written it's first assembled and
it's like the the congregation of all
these different pieces that come
together that then allow you to have
this this message that
resonates yeah it's yeah Eugene
schwartzon breakthrough advertising yeah
that's the absolutely you know um copy
is andem it's written it's like he said
you're building a little city made of
words for people to come and visit and
like live in and have fun so I don't
know don't know if building city is
quite is quite the way but I think it's
like think of it as like you know the I
don't know like stepping stones across
the river they got the river across to
get to the other side get to conversion
so each word or each you know each
element is another stepping stone so the
creative is the first one headline is
the second I keep going you know the
body copy is the third and then you know
headline again and CTA so in order to
get to the other side to get them to
click you have to make sure that you
have these have all these assets
supporting each other because you can't
just jump from one to the other I know
how many times that people have
accidentally clicked on ink you know
clicked on ads while they're in the
middle school and just like you know no
I didn't mean to click on that and like
click back and
then yeah 100% 100% And like I'm just
like for everyone listening on the
performance side getting tactical here
ideally you have a funnel exploration
report built to model this so you can
see the drop off so if you know just
simply put my click-through rate isn't
uh very good you know but my conversion
rate on page is good well maybe then you
need to focus more on your ads and now
you can start to identify where is the
bottleneck so you can improve the
throughput um tip number five tip number
five okay so relating to the previous
point about the headlines the whole
purpose of the headline is to get people
to read the first line of body copy
that's it you we want people to read the
copy we don't I'm not expecting anyone
to see an ADD and go whoa just see the
ad in the headline and want to click and
convert like okay if you're doing a
billboard fine but even then there's no
button for them to click and convert on
them pop a QR code or something in there
you know we want people to have to feel
confident about clicking three we don't
want to see those mistakes we don't want
to see those drop offs as soon as they
hit the page we want people to feel
confident like they making a conscious
Choice like I feel I really want to
click through because I'm I want to
learn more about this it sounds exciting
I might want to convert you know the the
first you know and so it's not just that
the headline is to get people to read
the first line of body copy the first
line of copy is getting them to read the
second line the second line to read them
to the third line the third line to the
fourth line like each sentence has to
naturally flow into the last it relates
back again to the other point is said
people trying to cram too much in a
message what you can say one message
drive one message home in three
sentences rather than having three
different sentences each saying
something else like saying again fast
it's F and it saves you money and it's
this number of people that are going to
remember the um number of you know that
percentage of messages is like it's it's
tiny but again the and so um there's a
famous copyrigh called Joseph sugerman
direct marketer and he calls it the
slippery slope or the slippery slide so
it's that each line of copy has to has
to flow feel like it flows naturally
into the other end so when we write body
copy and isolation and headlines in
isolation those two things don't match
yes we're going to be mixing and
matching them for all these different
variations when we run our adsets but we
still need to make sure that they have
some kind of way to connect to each
other so for example when I write ads so
I will write one variation of body copy
and I will write I will write a long
version I'll write a shorter version So
within the different character limits
and then I'll write several headline
variations that will go when I'm handing
it off to PBC team or wherever's going
to be running the ads they know what are
the most what are the best fits for each
different variation it's not like you
have only one headline and one variation
of body copy no you should be able to
write prepare several different
variations in advance to give the team a
lot to experiment and run with for
everyone listening that's probably
overthinking the advice you just gave
and they're thinking okay well uh what
does your template look like when you
hand off that copy to uh the PPC team
can you kind of just walk through what
the layout looks
like yeah it's seriously just a Google
dog it's seriously maybe I can share my
screen I I was like I purposely plugged
that because I had a feeling I knew it
was going to be simple because it's so
funny like when I when I speak with
people who are great at what they do
they and you get to know more about
their process it's like the simple
things they just do exceptionally
well you know so I purposely pluged
that uh yeah if you want we could
totally like uh plug the the template in
in the article for every listening uh if
you're willing to share it yeah for sure
like I'm I'm absolutely willing to share
it so I'll just give you 'll give you an
example these were just some uh these
were just some things that that I was
working on with the client can I share
my screen for a second yeah yeah go for
it okay so it's really simple um this is
for example LinkedIn ad so I wrote it
for myself just um as a reminder at the
top of the dog like really simple
headlines I know I know the character
limits I have to stick to um what the
body copy limits are as well and things
like that um
so yeah very simple so I often have a
long version so we know it's up to that
getting up close to that character limit
and a short version as well and then a
few different a few different headline
variations I have a few suggestions here
for the creative and sometimes in some
suggestions for the text on the creative
so when I come to this as well and I
usually have an ad or I can often I'll
often provide the client with an example
of like this is the concept I was going
for for each ad so the ad and then the
type of concept so it helps the designer
as well but then it helps people
understand okay which creators which
headlines which things all kind of fit
together so I love it I love it this is
amazing yeah I mean it's it doesn't need
to be complicated you know it just needs
to be effective no not at all that's
what not at all yeah it's the it's the
same and if you can reuse and if you can
reuse creatives from other ones that's
great but just again give two or three
variations and then even then so even if
someone else is running the ads if
you're just if you're the marketer and
you're writing the ads and someone else
is running them for you you still have
you still they still have an
understanding like PPC team has an
understanding of what you were going for
and they can create some variations of
their own but they'll still stay within
those with they'll still F close to the
same Concepts and the same ideas that
you were trying to get across from a
brand perspective from the product
marketing
perspective you know they'll still stay
within those and they won't throw a
completely different wild card and
someone go how get in you know how
it yeah that come from totally and and
the the value too of having a
copywriter is the PBC folks I mean this
is my world that I live in it's like
they're usually
very H what's the word
distracted uh they have their hands full
they're in different accounts they're
doing different things so for them to
like truly study your ICP understand the
messaging review testimonials like
compile pain points benefits translate
features to Ben like all that it's not
likely that's where like truly having a
real uh copywriter on on staff whether
it's like in house you're working with
someone like Eden is is
invaluable yeah I I think that and to
that point as well the strength of the
ads the ads performance like it hinges
so much on the concept it's not just
about randomly okay so let's do another
ugc ad or another testimonial ad or
another white paper ad or another where
G we got featured in gutner or we you
know another gutner like how many of
those do we see already it's like so and
those those become the like the bare
minimum that you'd expect I think from
the PPC team but depending on who you're
working with if you're looking for
people who are more executioners or if
they're looking if you're looking for
people who do that strategy and help you
work through different concepts as well
that's that's something that you need to
know are you happy to come up with
creative ideas yourself or do you want
someone to do that for you so or get
your inhouse content writer or get
copywriter you know funnel ping back
some ideas back and forth with chat gbt
but I find like a lot of the ads a lot
of ads get stuck in the same Loop but
the the stronger the concept the overall
concept again the creative copy all have
to work together uh work together the
two pieces of the the same pie they have
to work together in order to do that so
the stronger the concept that you have
the the better the ads are going to
perform it reminds me of my favorite
quotes it's not what you do but how you
do it that ultimately counts you know
and it's so easy for everyone to just
fall into the Trap of checking boxes I I
launched some ads on LinkedIn I launched
some ads on Facebook I launched some ads
here I did this I did that like yeah I
tried short form I tried but it's like
they didn't really you know they didn't
show up with that intention they didn't
do what was required to truly stand out
in a sea of sess you know um anyways
that was yeah 100% tip number
six okay so just based on that um I
think you saw now in the template don't
be afraid to try long copy I have this I
have this beef this bone to pick with
with people that say no people don't
read online of course they don't they
don't read online when it when there's
nothing for them to read when there's
it's not interesting of course they
don't read online people binge binge
watch Netflix series like in antie night
like they will not sleep they will just
watch and you
know heck when I was younger you know my
sister and I we once wied the Lord of
the Rings
trilogy like you know the two you know
at least one and two before I went to
the movies to catch number three so it's
like you know the people when you've got
someone's attention you can keep telling
them things but the point is that you
need to you need to earn their attention
it's not just about capturing their
attention which is Click baity but it's
like earning their attention what you
going to give them what can you give
them that's going to make them feel like
they got something valuable out of this
interaction no matter how fleeting it
was did they learn something new did you
make them feel something or did you make
them stop and think for a second at
least one of those three if you make
them feel you make them think you know
you you you know you've got you've got
their attention you're able to then get
a message across so I think my thing is
don't be afraid to try a long copy so
many people push for it it's like keep
it on 150 characters how how can you
expect someone I'm honest question how
can you expect someone to have enough
information to make like a purchase
decision or to want to
convert from you know for a complicated
product or a Services Company even you
know this is it's not Facebook
specifically that I'm talking about here
but it's but it's like you know you're
not you're not selling plumbing services
if you're not selling this you know if
you are it can be really straight to the
point need a plumber call me like great
fair enough but you don't say need need
a CRM call me it's not yeah it's not the
way it happens so I've seen so many ads
like I've heard from hear from clients
all the time like we didn't think of
testing long form ads but it's like they
really work they don't be afraid to push
up to that you know 600 character limit
and it doesn't look long I think maybe
if someone looks back and references
that template like it doesn't actually
look long it's like a sentence another
space you add spaces in between the
words it looks like it's like five six
sentences long but it's more than one
sentence mhm and if that first sentence
of the body copy is interesting enough
they are going to click those three dots
that say you know read more or see more
they are going to click on that and
they're going to keep reading and not
only does that not only does that give
you more you know they're engaging for
longer with the ad so they're reading it
it's purposely they're engaging longer
with the ad instead of just watching a
video they're still reading the copy and
it gives them so much more context that
you can't in just a headline and
sometime if you're using a still
creative like gives them so much more
context gives them again you have more
opportunities to build that motivation
to build that trust to give them a
reason to click through you know people
will read if it's interesting to them
they won't if it's awful so I yeah I
love it like mic
drop 100% yeah yeah everything you said
I totally agree with and um we've we've
found that seem to be true like in terms
of experiments that we've been testing
um just just goes back to like what are
you selling and and how many like just
think about the all the objections that
you have to handle if you're operating
in a new category for those listening
you're doing category creation it's even
worse for you I'm sorry to say because
you got to do a ton of education so that
means you probably have to have a
section on your landing page that just
even educates like we using the CRM
example like how can you use a CRM you
know what are the like just what is it
the fundamentals that the value it
brings to the market and and all these
things so uh 100% totally agree do not
be afraid to try long copy yeah tip
seven F7 okay so and this is one of my
favorite tips so instead of like using
just another customer testimonial using
user generated content which seems to be
like that default or that bare minimum
is what we'd expect to have some of
those ads in the mix try to use your
voice of the customer as much as
possible so when I say voice of the
customer it's like if no one in product
marketing is interviewing your customers
like interview customers really go and
interview a couple of customers try to
get on the phone with them or over Zoom
ask them what how did they use the
product ask them what's the impact this
is not to get testimonial quotes again
this is that to understand how they how
they talk about it so what is that
language and again it's a conversation
it's going to be really colloquial it's
going to be them telling you how they
use the product how they like it what
what benefits are most important to them
again if you don't already have someone
in marketing or customer success or
product doing this or even just even if
you can't get on the phone with customer
with customer success team and start
talking them and say hi guys what are
the things that people say or even talk
to sales what are the top objections
that people have what did they say to it
great give me that I need those things I
can make some ads out of that preempting
those objections up front uh customer
success what are the mo what do people
say is the most important thing that's
about this product take that thing make
an ad out of it and use those real words
that customers um are using as much as
possible again so if you can get
customer interviews or transcripts of
interviews that someone on the someone
in the company has done then great and
we're not looking for NPS like oh I gave
it a five out of five rating it's like
yeah again the G2 the G2 ratings The the
g a magic quadrant the thing like we
it's it's great and it's more social
proof but it's not the only thing you
can do we want to really get a lot
deeper than that so and using your
customer's own words make your ad copy
like a thousand times much more
authentic it's not even things that you
can make up it's not even things that
chaty BT can make up really I'll I'll
give you an example um an example it's
not related to this but related to The
Learning page that made to um I worked
with a company a while back make these
beautiful work bags it's a $700 work bag
for leather everything like for for
really for professional women so it's
not it's definitely you know it's
definitely not a not an immediate
purchase um but we work together and we
interviewed five of their customers and
the things they said is like I couldn't
even believe it I was like this is like
this is amazing one of the women for
example she said like I bought this bag
because I was sick of looking like I was
carrying around a mom bag like what do
you mean by a mom bag it's just like any
old shapeless ugly kind of bag that
looks like it's it done its run through
like this makes me feel fashionable and
stylish so I'm not saying take that word
fashionable and stylish bag and put that
in the end I'm
saying you know instead of saying does
your work bag look ugly and shap
misshapen it's like does your work bag
make you feel like you're carrying a mom
bag like that's that's the unique word
that's unique content and copy I I
couldn't have even imagined that like
that's what I should have called an ugly
shapeless work bag yeah but that's what
a customer gave us so that unique that
unique phrasing and we found that spoke
to so many people they're like yes yes
of course I'm I have a mom bag like I
hate my mom bag and it's like we stum
it's like it's literally conversion gold
and it's just all you need to do is talk
with customers like understand what they
were looking at what was important to
them and then you can create so many ads
using their using their own words to
sell to to them yeah and you and you
mentioned you only interviewed five
customers five customers and that was
enough to get some conversion gold so
for those listening it I mean sometimes
it's only as little as five you know
maybe you only need one you know or two
or three but it's better than zero for
sure and uh one thing that we do that's
helpful we call it the reality check
internally and it's like a step we take
clients through and essentially what we
do is like one way to get closer to the
voice of the customer if there's push
back on setting up customer interviews
and and things like this is well ask
them like hey can you reach out to your
G2 rep get an expert of all your
testimonials and then we'll run all
those G2 testimonials through chat GPT
and we'll have chat TV basically like
classify like what are the the top
benefits the top pain points and then
based on those top benefits then put it
into different add angles that we can
speak to for testing and like one
example was we had a client where I mean
the frequency in which customer success
was mentioned in in the testimonials
across the customers was like dramatic
it was like 80% and when you go to their
website no mention of their customer
success team any of their ads no mention
of the customer success team so from
that one insight and the reason we call
it the reality check is because
sometimes clients say oh customers come
to us for this but then when we look
through the the you know the responses
they're like no no actually we come for
you for this so we always call it the
reality check for that reason and that's
like an easy starting point for for
those of you especially if you're not
internal and it's hard for you to get in
front of the customer and you want to do
these things for your client this is
like an easy third- party way to to just
kind of get the ball rolling for that
voice of customer absolutely absolutely
hands down just being able to take that
information and and you show them and
it's a data back approach you say look
everyone's talking about this they say
this is why they love you let's test an
ad based on that we can run it against
one of the variations that you feel is
safe but let's try this and you know
obviously it will outperform because
it's what people are looking for but
then you also it helps you find so many
problems that are not just that are not
just copy that are not just the ads
themselves prod whole positioning
they're positioning their product one
way so they're not getting conversions
they're not getting enough leads sales
is bummed marketing is bummed but then
you come and you realize the people that
do really love the product see it in a
totally different light so you need to
adjust your positioning to that light
and then all of a sudden it's like the
floodgates open up and so people really
understand where you are so they become
you know leads in terms of demos and
turn into closed One deals so it's
exactly it's exactly like that like
often you can gain so much information
from from these actual testimonals and
not just oh it sounds really good they
gave us a five star review let's just
use that like great but is you know use
a little bit more intense yeah th% all
right tip number
eight okay number eight wow oh we're
going to go through really fast um so
this goes back to what you what you said
about about the r reading the um the
grade reading level so we we are always
because when we're doing with ads we
have a fleeting moment that we can
actually capture people's attention so
often we need to be clear rather than
clever even if you have a sophisticated
product even if you have a sophisticated
audience we really want to help earn
their attention the easiest way is the
fastest way to to get to them so like
expert marketer J Abraham used to say
like sometimes the easiest way to sell a
horse is to say horse for sale so
sometimes you do if you feel that you're
struggling that you're using too much
jugging or you feel like people are just
not clicking on the EGS or ignoring them
try and simplify that language as much
as possible so really yes it it might
take out some of the brand voice yes it
might take out some of that mission or
Vision driven Essence but when
conversions on the line like I said if
sales is bummed marketing is bummed and
the company is like we need
Revenue you're going to want to try at
least some clear ads where it's just
really really really obvious what you
have to sell yeah so like I said the
fastest CRM in history like you don't
need to say it's like it's faster than
the competition and and and and and like
Fast you've ever seen yeah the CRM the
fast uh you know the CRM that works at
the speed You Wish It Would something
again yeah just trying to just trying to
regenerate things on the top of my head
on that note it's it's uh weaving in
like John John Carlton calls it power
words so like weaving in those
emotionally charg words to help imply
the meaning that you want with
less yeah exactly exactly I talked about
this recently on a on a another podcast
with a good friend of mine and he said
the same thing it's like sometime but
sometimes then you want to say fast but
maybe you should be saying for example
Swift because maybe Swift is gives a
very different gives a very different
connotation to
fast so it's immediately it's like the
sophistication upper level but it's
still like it's a five letter word it
doesn't have to be a you know Omni CH
Omni
Channel yeah cloudbased Omni Channel
something people you've lost people
after we said Omni
channel so how do you feel about the uh
like kind of like weaving it of like um
kind of like a stress test is is when
you read it out or you say you read it
you say it out loud if it just sounds
like
word
vomit then it's probably not a good uh
you know it didn't pass the test and you
should simplify the messaging absolutely
one of the best things and it's even
difficult so even if you use like a like
a reading grade calculator a grade
reading level calculator or things like
that there there are things around like
the Heming way up is good but PL to
simplify things almost too much
sometimes but the Heming way up is good
or any other flesh con uh you know
calculator that's readily available um
just read it out loud to yourself I
think we you know we talked about this
briefly earlier just read it out loud
you'll find like when you get into the
middle of a sentence and it's like wow
yeah I could I paused for breath there
you should put a period there and then
start with the next sentence like it
doesn't have to be grammatically correct
but people are going to read it how you
like how you're speaking it people read
the copy so finish this put a s put a
period where you need to PA for breath
simplify sentence cut it in half how
would you say it to a friend you know
would you say we
say yeah you know we would say in a much
more different way totally tip number
nine never mind okay um whoa we getting
close to the end yep that's amazing
sometimes flying by um okay so I think
the so tip number tip number nine is
going to be when you do talk
about when you do talk about benefits
and everyone loves to talk about
benefits in the ads which is great it's
great it's tied to that ultimate value
it's the transformation it's the jobs to
be done it's what they really desire tie
it back to something realistic tie it
back to something
tangible um where you can so unless
we're trying like we said we're trying a
really simple ad because we ads are not
converting into sophisticated right so
we're saying the fastest CRM that you
you've ever seen okay fine but where you
can tie it back to something tangible so
not adds
like explore the future or you know
you're build it build your future and
it's like what are you even selling it's
like yeah
so um you if you want to go Visionary if
you want to talk about like a high level
benefit that's great give it some legs
like give it make sure that idea holds
water you need to have something that's
going to back it up something practical
so connect it to a feature connect it to
like if anyone follows um April dun's
positioning for example she says you
take your take the value your
differentiated value that you have and
you have your features on the other side
and connect back the and see how you can
draw the lines between between the two
because there'll be multiple features
that sometimes all deliver the same
value at the same time so you can say
it's fast because of you know the
fastest you CRM you've ever seen thanks
to it's ,000 plus integration it's like
great so it's not just the fastest team
we' ever seen but there's a reason why
it's fast and that reason gives people
enough context to say oh that sounds
interesting I want to Le more so make it
try to make it tangible wherever
possible otherwise it just comes across
as as so much fluff and we've always
seen we've seen this as it's like
transform your
workplace grow your business win more
customers close more deals like it's
it's it's not that it's not true like
like it's true
but you know it's it's very very it's
it's so high level that people it's like
yeah the benefit is so high level that
people uh really struggle to grasp it
yeah and you know in the age of
skepticism especially if you're selling
to marketers you know they they've seen
all the tricks in the book and all this
um that specificity is so key so you
create believability you know like to
your to your point if it's so grandios
and
it's they they like the BS meter goes up
you know and they're like ah I've heard
this before I don't really believe you
versus like if you can frame it in a way
where
it's it's uncontestable it's it's like
logical right because you pinpoint it
back to a specific feature or or a
specific way of showcasing the feature
for example um like for example the AC
conversion site it takes less than 90
seconds to sign up seriously we timed it
if I had a video me signing up and it's
like time stamped on the bottom left
like no sound showing you me signing up
in less than 90 seconds exactly it's
uncontestable you're like yeah okay I
believe you I remember one of my
favorite ads was from fol um a while
back and it was like they said it's the
world's fastest demo ever it's like a
60c demo it was like oh great and it was
actually even faster than that it was
like 0.2 seconds because that's how fast
it took to run a query and it was like
that was it that was the ad it's like
it's it is that fast and I thought it
was such it was so great like it's not
not just telling people how amazing it
is it's like it's all connecting
together you're showing them you have a
proof point that it really is that fast
so when you can back and again that's
where it comes into it doesn't
necessarily have to be it's going to be
in the body copy but you can connect it
to the creative play then with between
the creative and the body copy and see
what you can do there but um but there
are so many there's I'm hope we're
opening up people's minds to all the
different types of ads like you can run
this is not an episode it's a master
class yeah
people yeah people like reach out to
Eden share some love uh on LinkedIn you
know all the value you're getting um
yeah I mean so many nuggets and and to
your point yeah I I I totally agree and
I hope people are getting that Paradigm
Shift right now they're like wait a
second they're starting to see things
from from a new light and A New
Perspective you know it's amazing to me
you know we're we're on this hope box
right now just one last point on this
tip is the amount of SAS companies that
don't show anything in the product yeah
it's unreal to me I just I just don't
get it you know like you just a loom
video recording and some cool sections
you can do a lot of great things you
know and and the more that going back to
this whole point of credibility and
believability and specificity it's like
if you can tie the benefit to the
feature fantastic that you're already
head of the game but if you can take it
a step further and actually show
them yeah it just adds so much more to
support to
it yeah
absolutely 100% 100% like again who you
know prove it everyone's thinking so
what prove it and that comes to my last
topic that last tip as well it's like so
what you said the reality check it's
like it's the so what who get the thumbs
up it's the it's the so what test so you
sit you sit back and read you're looking
at your ad you look at your ad copy
first of all I would highly recommend as
you're experimenting with it using like
an ad mockup software so there's kind
tons of like free free LinkedIn ad
mockup tons of things play around with
it it helps you see the ad how your
audience is going to see it so even if
you don't have the creative you'll be
able to see how the headline looks with
the body copy what the CTA is it really
gives you such a fresh perspective and
it really helps for that editing phase
as well so you think the ad sounds great
great put it in a mockup double check it
if you can um because they hear that
extra step it helps you cut out all
those like wow that looked really
different when it's in you know like
when it's in an actual ad versus what I
thought it was in a Google dog so switch
back and forth if you can um using the
template obviously helps but switch back
and forth between that when you can it
makes such a huge difference to the to
the final product
um but that idea is just um you know sit
back and be totally skeptical like I
said prospects aren't
stupid you know people aren't stupid
clickbait okay might pull them through
but then they'll get they your bounce
rates will be high and conversions on
the landing page will be low we don't
just want High conversions on the ads we
want High conversions on the landing
page too or the product page or whatever
comes after where we want them to we
want this ad to be that first that
stepping stone gets them across the
river to convert to convert so you know
every time you write something you're
looking at that ad you across your arms
and say okay so what try and pick it
apart see where is this fluff if it's
send of this total fluff take it
out if something is missing like saying
that so what if something is missing
it's like you talk about something
that's really high level okay but you
have a proof point to back it up put a
proof point in there that's what's
missing sit back and look again just
that so what is so is so so so helpful
in for picking out all those tiny things
that can that can throw people off
because I'll be be honest at the end of
the day people like I said people are
looking at the sum of everything this
the total sum of the Creator the
headline the body copy how it all fits
together they're not just looking at
these things in isolation so there's
maybe one word out of place okay but if
there's five words out of place if
there's a runon sentence if there's a
really obvious mistake somewhere in the
middle the formatting is not right all
of these things almost s triggers to
people that it's like I how can I trust
you can I trust you with my click yeah
so sitting back and going so what it's
like having that trying to look at that
through that third U through that third
person point of view looking at it as
the customer would look at it like what
feels off what doesn't feel strong about
this make that point stronger um and
then it's going to be likely more like
far more like to
convert I I have so many things to
unpack from that uh so many gems one
thing that just came to my mind that
it's it's just something I recently
experienced and for those listening it's
so easy to get caught up in optimizing
for the margins
so even taking it back earlier to you
know just headline testing you know
after a certain point it's like yeah you
can optimize and you can keep optimizing
different headline variations and and
all this but sometimes you're better off
just ripping it and just testing brand
new Concepts against each other you know
radically different looks feels
variations and it's so easy to just get
caught up in that where you're just
optimizing on the margins it's like
incremental very small incremental
improvements versus just ripping the
whole thing out and trying crazy cool
ideas and like hitting it from different
perspectives and telling different
unique like perspectives and and angles
and and all these different things
because at the end of the day it's like
that's the only thing the person sees in
their feed is the creative the ad and
the experience that they go
to absolutely and I and I definitely
agree and I think that's one of the
things that's hardest about conversion
rate optimization as a whole is the
emphasis on the iter on the iterative
process and I do understand and it is
important but sometimes you get to a
point and I see even companies that
really value conversion rate
optimization you often hit there a point
that you hit where it's like you've
optimized it to the point that
it's or it sounds the same as everyone
else or it looks the same as like you're
following like you're following those
best practices or you are going the
right direction but you you've hit a
wall and it's like do we keep optimizing
do we like leave that running but then
do something entirely different let's do
a zag let's do something in the opposite
direction throw that into the mix see
how that happens it's really important
to keep those fresh ideas coming because
it's too easy to like keep oping it's
like maybe we'll change the CTA on this
one again it's like it's nothing to do
with the CTA it's like the whole like
the whole approach to the ad is wrong
like it's not exciting for people that
said one caveat I think you and you
mentioned it really well it's well
before um people don't take into
consideration how many times you have to
repeat a single message for it to
actually sink into people a lot we will
sometimes get frustrated too quickly
with our ads we feel like it's little
performing so let's scrap the entire ad
so do a little bit more testing with the
ad if you're seeing some and like what
are those total overall cues that you're
getting you're getting engagement like
people are spending time reading the ad
they're watching the video but they're
not clicking through okay the creative's
good what can we do to tweak their body
copy to get them to get you know the
creative seems to be working it's
holding their attention they're lacking
something what do we need to do to to
fix this up so pay attention so it's pay
attention to those other signals it's
not just it's just click through right
that we're looking for what are the
other signals that we can look at um to
help get the message
across Eden this has been an absolute
Master Class I'm going to go ahead and
quickly recap your 10 tips for everybody
listening and this will be in the
article uh below as well so tip number
one was you're selling the click you're
not trying to sell your product with
your 50k ACV or whatever case might be
you're selling the click you're not
selling your product tip number two is
to take something out of your ad versus
put it in never forget that uh you're
editing you really want to give yourself
time which is tip number three write
first edit later allow it to sit go get
a coffee get a tea walk around uh just
go do something completely different and
come back to it later with fresh eyes
tip number four is remember how people
interact with your ads like put yourself
in their perspective and and see it from
their point of view how you interact
with ads how you skim the creative then
you look at the headline and how each
piece of the copy should build on the
next tip number five was the purpose of
the headline is to read the body copy
and really each corresponding line
should support the previous one so it's
this slippery slope as you mention it's
just this beautiful uh I almost imagine
like a water slide you know you you want
this nice water slide going down and if
there's a bump along the way there's
going to be some very unhappy people uh
tip number six is don't be afraid to try
a long form copy remember you have to
earn the attention it's not given to you
it's something you have to earn through
your words tip number seven is use your
voice to the customer as much as
possible remember it doesn't take a lot
it could be as simple as five interviews
simple as doing chat gbt testimonies the
starting point but I agree like you
should hear it from them because the
goal that you get is insane tip number
eight is to simplify your language as
much as possible tip number nine is to
do uh whenever you have your benefits to
link it back to something realistic
remember in the age of skepticism that
is absolutely imperative and then
finally tip number 10 is to ask yourself
so what review your ad copy and ask
yourself so what and if you can't sell
yourself and your skeptical on what
you've written should probably give it a
few iterations before you get it out
there absolutely that's an awesome
recap thank you so much for being here
if people want to connect with you where
they can they find you the absolutely
best place is
LinkedIn awesome we will uh link Eden's
LinkedIn will be in the show notes below
as well well and uh if you're taking on
clients for copyrighting also we will
have that linked as well so you can work
with Eden she's too humble she's not
even asking for the plug but I'm
plugging her because she's awesome so so
check her out uh all that stuff is going
to be in the description below Eden
thank you so much for being here no
worries thanks so much for having me
this is great